she was in an evangelical service in this
church in the Lourival neighborhood relative when
one of the members of the congregation gave
that he was incorporating spirits
I do not know if I had too much.
it was not their baby is very strong so the
man who has a leadership role in the
church would have second testimony of the
victim forced sexual intercourse
The bathroom and I accepted.
She told the police station that the husband and
the children all residents of the neighborhood
saint antônio began to suffer threats
According to her, the husband came to be
He has already beaten the wife.
inside the church nor did I enter into the
have already sent a third armada will be in
My son ran home scared and
scared and my wife talks about killing
he understands to be faithful if he speaks in the
minimum height it matter to do some
thing in respect to the church the victim
decided not to file a complaint
only now after finding out that
is pregnant with the alleged rapist
looked for the police station
He says he remembers I tried to talk to her.
person
the older one says he does not remember
the christian congregation church of brazil
here from the neighborhood lourival parente
remained closed all morning
today but the police are already
locating the man who presents himself
as collaborator of the church and who accused
to rape the faithful
the delegate vilma alves will investigate the
case
according to her this is the first time that
piauí women's police station registers
this kind of occurrence in which believers are
violated by shepherds went there right
life of four years when fighting with
husband and church to unite for
demonstrate the love of family destruction
this is the woman decided to create
the child who is waiting and to
Police surprise said he did not
Do you want to stop going to church?
where everything happened
independent of the religious question but
someone capable of stupidity if
taking advantage of the good faith is from a lady
How is this an honorable man?
is a bag of potatoes is a man or is it a
bag of potatoes with the dead rat inside